### 1. Perceivable

* We used alt text. For example, the button for switching slides uses two arrow style images from online web pages. If the images cannot be loaded properly, they will be replaced with 'previous' and' next'.
```
  <ArrowDiv>
    <ArrowImg src="https://img.icons8.com/?size=48&id=zQbDi5TCvdTK&format=png" alt="Previous" onClick={handlePreviousSlide} hide={currentSlideIndex === 0} />
    <ArrowImg src="https://img.icons8.com/?size=48&id=att8OkL3UbTU&format=png" alt="Next" onClick={handleNextSlide} 
      hide={store && store[id] && store[id].slides && currentSlideIndex === Object.values(store[id].slides).length - 1} />
  </ArrowDiv>
```
* The font size of the webpage has been adjusted appropriately, and even when the page is shrunk, the font will not shrink to an unrecognizable level. And the colors of the elements on the webpage were adjusted to create more distinct boundaries.

### 2. Operable

* Page actions support keyboard interactions:
You can use arrow keys to change between the slides.
you can use `enter` when login.
The below is one of the code.
```
const handleKeyDown = (event) => {
  if (event.key === 'ArrowRight' && store && store[id] && store[id].slides && currentSlideIndex < Object.values(store[id].slides).length - 1) {
    handleNextSlide();
  } else if (event.key === 'ArrowLeft' && currentSlideIndex > 0) {
    handlePreviousSlide();
  }
};
```
* Not designing content in a way that could lead to seizures, such as quickly flashing content.

### 3. Understandable

Not causing page changes or form submissions in focus or input.
Even without CSS, the content can be arranged normally and the button content is clear and visible.

### 4. Robust

* Error handling: Attempting blocks and error modes are used to capture and display errors.
* Data Persistence: Regularly and automatically save history to prevent data loss.
* Responsive design: supports devices with different screen sizes through media queries.
* Conditional rendering: dynamically rendering components based on the current state, such as SlideContent, which only displays when the current index matches the slide index.